Write your answers to the first week's assessment in this file. If you want to add [Markdown formatting](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/), double check it in the Preview tab before submitting.

Question 1: In my opinion, the most important thing I learned in this first week wasn't actually one specific thing, but more-so me learning exactly how this class is going to function and the types of things I will learn. I am self taught in programming for the most part, only taking a few classes in High School which only reiterated the things I've learned on my own. However, currently we are going over the very basics, and I was already struck with something I didn't learn on my own, or in a class; the Ternary operator. Now I will say, the Ternary operator definitely isn't the most "important" thing I learned, even this week. However, the idea that there are things that I haven't properly learned really excites me for the class and makes me look forward to the rest. Seeing this gave me a lot of hope that even now in the basics, I'll still learn more things to round out my programming arsenal! 

Question 2: In programming, there are multiple levels of languages: High level, and low level. High level programming languages are what most programmers would be accustomed to. Things like Javascript, or C. Languages which are close to the english language and easy to understand at a glance. However, this is very different that what the actual computer sees. Low level programming languages get closer and closer to the binary information that the computer actually sees. Examples of low level programming languages would be machine code and binary. High level programming languages most likely only exist because of what we call "Abstraction". Abstraction is the process of making a higher level language that can be read and converted in the backend to a lower level language for the computer to read.

Question 3: Javascript is the most flexible programming language to my knowlege. By this I mean to say it's very very forgiving to people who are newer to programming. A few examples of the things Javascript does that would be considered pros are:
* No need for type declaration.
* Variable types can be converted at any time simply by using them as if they already were the desired type.
* Semicolons are optional.
* Doesn't require any compiling to run.

Now, this doesn't mean Javascript is perfect however, there are several problems with their approach to a language. First off, a lot of these "flexabilities" will build really bad habits in new programmers. If you get used to not putting semicolons or consciously having to manage the types of your variables, you will be starting off very uncomfortably if you ever decide to learn a new language. There are also sometimes problems within Javascript itself that wouldn't be a problem in other languages because of the way they loosely handle types, leading you to have to spend time fixing or working around the issue.
